sliding could be restrictive in a direction, but slowly adjusting to your actual input, like sliding forewards, looking to the side and the slide slowly changing direction (speed customizable ofc.)

a melee could be a spear extending from the fist, like a singular wolverine claw, but it can split when retracting, ripping weak opponents in half. Lore: blade cannot be pulled back, when stuck, so it can split with explosive force to "set itself free"

gameplay idea!!!!!!: Hotline Miami, but 3d. CHANGES: you start in a cloak mode, having to scout out the room. you can choose when and where to start combat, maybe taking out a few people boforehand. you dont have any specific weapons apart from lets say a punch. you get weapons from enemys, where each enemy type has a fixed weapon it drops. Gameplay in combat would be constantly switching weapons and setting up combos, implementing a 2 part timer or scoring system could insentivise the player to still be fast

World building: 
	1.) Cult shit, would prob. be kinda boring
	2.) Just a no story beat them up, with random levels (aka. hella boring and LAME)
	3.) You are an employee at the biggest company in the worl, or that you think. secretly, you are living in a controlled environment, gated off with a map border. You (previously) and all people in this controlled environment are unaware of all this happening. You as a the top employee have been selected for bodily modifications, making you a one man army the company want to use, since there are dozens of coorperations doing that. Why? NOt sure now, but either they are something like old countrys fin war while trying to protect their unknowing citizens, or they all are wanting a specific resource or something they have to claim areas for, where you come in. You as a war machine would go on missions, infiltrating bases, whiping areas, defending stuff etc. Enemy variaty could be explained by each "Company" or "Country" having different tryes of creating supersoldiers or generic soldiers in general. The story could revolve around doing missions for the Powerhouses, but Story could be hard to tell since Missions should be replayable and not contain 1-Minute story parts that are slowing down gameplay. It should just feel like you are an unstoppable blend of machine and man, fighting overpowered enemys with overpowered weapons.
		Story Ideas:
			1.) you are trying to bring down all corpos, so you either sneak into them and destroy them from the inside, get hired by them because they think you eliminated the enemys for them or just blatenly attack them. Not much Story telling needed there
			2.) You are escaping the "origin"-Powerhouse, and just work as a Assassing or War-Machine thats for hire, meaning you would jump between power houses. Not sure how you would do big missions, since you would not get hired by Company A if you previously worked for them, but were contracted by company B to like destroy a base of them. however, not much story would be needed
		
